in a previous video you saw the basic
blocks of implementing a deep neural
network a for propagation step for each
layer and a corresponding backward
propagation step let's see how you can
actually implement these steps will
start - for propagation recall that what
this will do is input al - 1 and output
al and the cache ZL and we just said
that from implementational point of view
maybe we'll cache WL + BL as well just
to make the assumptions call the easier
in the preliminaries eyes and so the
equations for this should already look
familiar the way to improve the forward
function is just this equals WL x a l
minus 1 plus b l and then al equals the
activation function applied to z and if
you want a vector rise implementation
then it's just that x a l minus 1 plus b
would be adding beeping pipes and
broadcasting and al equals G applied
element wise to Z and remember on the
diagram for the forth step where we have
this chain of boxes going forward so you
initialize that with feeding and a 0
which is equal to X so you initialize
this really what is the input to the
first one right is really on a 0 which
is the input features to either for one
training example if you're doing one
example at a time or um a practical 0
the entire training so if you are
processing the entire training site so
that's the input to the first forward
function in the chain and then just
repeating this allows you to compute
forward propagation from left to right
next let's talk about the backward
propagation step here you go is the
input D al and output D al minus 1 and d
WL & DB let me just write out the steps
you need to compute these things
pz l is equal to da l alamin Weis
product with G of L prime Z of L and
then compute the derivatives DW l equals
d ZL times a of L minus 1
I didn't explicitly put that in the
cache where it turns out you need this
as well and then DB l is equal to DZ l
and finally da of L minus 1 there's
equal to WL transpose times d ZL ok and
I don't want to go through the detailed
derivation for this but it turns out
that if you take this definition to DA
and plug it in here then you get the
same formula as we had in there
previously for how you compute d ZL as a
function of the previous easy L in fact
well if I just plug that in here you end
up that d ZL is equal to WL plus 1
transpose DZ l plus 1 times G L prime Z
FL I know this is a looks like a lot of
algebra and you can actually double
check for yourself that this is the
equation where I've written down for
back propagation last week when we were
doing in your network with just a single
hidden layer and as you reminder this
times this element-wise product but so
all you need is those four equations to
implement your backward function and
then finally I'll just write out the
vectorized version so the first line
becomes DZ l equals e a l element-wise
product with GL prime of z l may be no
surprise there DW l becomes 1 over m DZ
l times a L minus 1 transpose and
in dbl becomes one over m MP dot some
easy L then accrues equals one
keep dims equals true we talked about
the use of MP dot some in the previous
week to compute DB and then finally da L
minus one is WL transpose times T Z L so
this allows you to input this quantity
da over here and output on DW l DP l the
derivatives you need as well as da L
minus 1 right as follows so that's how
you implement the backward function so
just to summarize um take the input X
you might have the first layer maybe has
a regular activation function then go to
the second layer maybe uses another
value activation function goes to the
third layer maybe has a sigmoid
activation function if you're doing
binary classification and this outputs
one hat and then using Y hat you can
compute the loss and this allows you to
start your backward integration I draw
the arrows first I guess I don't have to
change pens too much where you were then
have back prop compute the derivatives
compute your d w3 t p3 d w2 t p2 d w1 t
b1 and along the way you would be
computing I guess the cash will transfer
z1 z2 z3 and here are you pass backward
da 2 and da
this could compute da zero but we won't
use that so you can just discard that
and so this is how you implement forward
prop and back prop for a three-layer
your network now there's just one last
detail delight didn't talk about which
is for the forward recursion we would
initialize it with the input data X how
about the backward recursion well it
turns out that um D a of L when you're
using logistic regression when you're
doing binary qualification is equal to Y
over a plus 1 minus y over 1 minus a so
it turns out that the derivative of the
loss function respect to the output
we're expected Y hat can be shown to be
equal to this so if you're familiar with
calculus if you look up the loss
function L and take derivatives respect
to Y I have a respect to ay you can show
that you get that formula so this is the
formula you should use for da for the
final layer capital L and of course if
you were to have a vectorized
implementation then you initialize the
backward recursion not with this there
will be a capital A for the layer L
which is going to be you know the same
thing for the different examples right
over a for the first training example
plus 1 minus y for the first training
example over 1 minus 8 for the first
training example not down to the M
training example 1 minus a of M so
that's how you taught implement the
vectorized version that's how you
initialize the vectorized version of
background brocation so you've now seen
the basic building blocks of both for
propagation as well as back propagation
now if you implement these equations you
will get a correct implementation of
board prop and back prop to get to the
derivatives unique you might be thinking
well there's a lot equations I'm
slightly confused I'm not quite sure I
see how this works and if you're feeling
that way my advice is when you get to
this week's programming assignment you
will be able to implement these for
yourself and there'll be much more
concrete and I know there's a lot of
equations and maybe some equations in me
complete sense but if you work through
the calculus and the linear algebra
which is not easy so you know feel free
to try but that's actually have one is
more difficult derivations in machine
learning it turns out the equations
wrote down that just the calculus
equations for computing the derivatives
especially in backdrop but once again if
this C is well bit ass check will be
mysterious to you my advice is when
you've done there provide exercise it
will feel a bit more concrete to you
although I have to say you know even
today when I implement a learning
algorithm sometimes even I'm surprised
when my learning algorithm
implementation works and it's because
longer complexity of machine learning
comes from the data rather than from the
lines of code so sometimes you feel like
you implement a few lines of code not
question what it did but there's almost
magically work and it's because of all
the magic is actually not in the piece
of code you write which is often you
know not too long it's not it's not
exactly simple but there's not you know
10,000 100,000 lines of code but you
feed it so much data that sometimes even
though I work the machine only for a
long time sometimes it's so you know
surprises me a bit when my learning
algorithm works because lots of
complexity of your learning algorithm
comes from the data rather than
necessarily from your writing you know
thousands and thousands of lines of code
all right so that's um how do you
implement deep neural networks and again
this will become more concrete when
you've done the priming exercise before
moving on I want to discuss in the next
video want to discuss hyper parameters
and parameters it turns out that when
you're training deep nets being able to
organize your hyper params as well will
help you be more efficient in developing
your networks in the next video let's
talk about exactly what that means